It was a perfect fresh fish. It was gutted and scaled. You can hear the faucet running on low washing lettuce. There is a batter of mashed flour by the stove. There is a glass jar with two cracked eggs - lain this morning by a hen down the road. The yolks are oranger than the sunlight entering the room. There is a skillet on the stove begining to gently bubble. You can hear it rumble and you can smell the peanut oil roast.

You see the fresh red fish driping cold spring water and patted dry. You see the fresh fish, still whole, submerge into the orange yolk then layed to flufff on the batter of soft flour. You watch the battered fish hang over the bubbling oil. You hear the violent sizzles of the batter drop it the hot skillet. You see the fish lay in the boiling oil pot.

You see a wooden pot holder on the dry wood kitchen table. Your grandfather made that. You see the fish sizzling in the pot placed on the potholder. Drops of peanut oil burst onto the dry wood table. They are rubbed in by elbows and palms reaching for more wine.

You hear the faucet run and you see the kitchen clean.
You see the night end and one day go by.

You hear a knock on the door and you see your brother and his family.  You smile with his wife and you give thier only child a sweet treat. You see him smile and you see that his smile is genuine and without controll. You see that he is smitten by you.

You sit at the dry kitchen table for lunch. You share stories and laugh about your parents. You watch your nephew swell up, struggle for his breath, and die from his peanut allergy. You watch his parents violently try and save him. You watch their deepest sruggles and efforts to save him. You watch them weep by his dead body. You hear them sream at their god.


You open a door and you find yourself dead on the floor. Your body looks a few years older. You hear a car door slam. You look out the window, and its you as a kid. You're mother is thin. She is carrying groceries. You are both sassy and laughing.


I go into a doctors office, uninsurred, and it costs $360 for a 15 minute visit. The doc dosen't give a fuck. The nurses don't give a fuck. They expect to bill insurance or govmt programs. The doc visit is that expensive because these 'people with jobs' make 80+k a year with all kinds of benefits. And they don't do shit. I'm telling you all right now that you don't deserve that kind of money. I'd like to say that it all comes down to the isurance companies or bigPharma, but it doesn't. It comes down to human greeeeeeeeeeed. We are discusting.
